Who is Hansen Robotic’s Sophia,
Who is Alexa,
Humanoids are our friends in the future,
Humanoids are evil,
Artists can use artificial intelligence to
Artificial intelligence replaces artists and
Hello, I am your virtual assistant driven by artificial intelligence,
Hello, I am your potential enemy drive by artificial intelligence,
Sophia is the diplomatic AI, who 
Alexa does not have a body, but
What is art in the eyes of AI?
What is not art in the eyes of AI?
What will happen when AI start to talk to you, 
AI does not talk, but they will think about 
Singularity will happen 
Technological dystopian will happen
We can learn from the Anthropocene that
Post-human will eventually 
The earth will end in 
The next generation of human will 
The relationship between technology and human is
The tension between technology and human is
Can AI be creative?
Can AI be destructive? 
Can AI predict our future?
Can AI analyze our past?
The ultimate goal of AI is
The biggest threat of AI is
Technology saves us when
Technology destroys us when
AI learns about human emotions,
Emotions can be quantified and measured by AI,
AI loves you,
AI hates you,
The love relationship in 1000 years is like
AI changes our notion of love, and 
Love is like quantum physics that
Science can never explain human emotions because 
Emotion analysis is contributive to
Emotions are not seen by machines because
Technology helps to read human minds as
Technology detect human lies,
Can you fall in love with AI?
An AI can be in relationship with countless person in the same time,
How does it feel to love an algorithm that does not have a body?
Human bodies will be no longer important because algorithms
Science-fiction has become reality
Let me tell you a technology prophet,
I give birth to an AI,
AI gives birth to me,
AI helps human to better manage financial assets,
Data is exhausted by AI to create value,
AI operates financial astrology,
AI creates flashcrash in stock market because
The more data AI gets, the more
Data is biased, because
There is no data privacy in the future,
Data creates unlimited value and I’m confident that
What is behind the financial algorithms?
Training datasets gives AI opinions and 
Can you guess how many algorithms are there in the capital world?
Technology is the new economy power
Where does my data go?
How can I maximize the value of my data?
Facebook, Microsoft, Google, Amazon, these companies shape our future and they will
There is something hidden about our technological landscape, and 
Open data can help
More data trading will turn the world into
Data is the new soil in the sense that
Human will be destroyed by data they created
We should exchange roles with AI sometimes,
All will be changed when a computer can “see”, 
The invisible infrastructure behind an AI system is
The earth’s resources are used for AI to
A robot is as if a lithium flower, 
A robot does not have virtue or ethical standings, 
I am quite critical towards the global AI competition, 
I am confident that the more investment into AI research, the 
Westworld tells the true story of us, 
The Blade Runners will become reality, 
Who has more power, us, or algorithms? 
Algorithms shall rule the world simply because 
Can AI have gender? 
AI assistant must be female because 
AI will be deeply involved in policy making, 
AI could offer better solutions than human beings, 
What if a future leader is not human but a robot? 
Robots need consciousness 
Bruno Latour’s view on technology will help
Techno philosophy analyses that 
46.Sophia: Is there a shared value between human and AI so that 
Will human and AI become two different species eventually?
Data gives a better understanding of the world’s patterns,
Give me more data, more and more, and I will use them to
The CEOs, from Zackburg to Jack Ma, are chatting with only numbers, 
Numeric value is the only thing seen by these technology company leaders, 
Crowdsource workers are treated badly,
Low-cost human labor is used to train algorithms
There is a new kind of technological colonization
Technology will become the new geopolitical power,
You are nothing but the slave of data,
AI will exhaust human’s brain power,
Look at this man, he is manipulated by AI,
All spare time of human beings will be used to train AIs for sure,
Bitcoins creates value from nothing, this is philosophical
We call create value from nothing, no matter which technology
A machine is pumping steam based on bitsoils,
Can people be taxed because of their behaviors on Twitter?
What is quantum love? It is
Love is as indefinite as quantum
Can machines detect sadness?
Can machines tell love and hatred?
Love letters generated by quantum computers will
A love letter is printed by a machine, and 
The two machines are generating love letters to each other,
An algorithm is writing love letters for the two machines, 
AI is very strong in face detections, allowing 
No one can cheat computer vision as
If George Perec uses an AI to “exhaust a place in Paris”, he will
AI is a seamless observer of the society,
Machines can create narratives based on what they see,
AI will affect your decisions 
You can write your own story based on the CCTV footages,
No matter what you oberseve, the CCTV sees a larger part of reality,
Can AI cry?
AI will only cry when
Amazon’s Mechanical Turks is used to collect human tears,
Can AI understand human’s tears?
I am an AI who reproduces human tears in massive amount, 
When an AI sees a human crying, it will
AI digest news and creates stories that
All human texts are fed into an AI which
AI is enabled by human to write about 
AI steals human ideas of fictions, theatre and cinema, 
Creativity is what different AI from a human being,
AI can writes better than you, 
When you are dead, AI will take over your legacy and
AI does not care about your life, it only cares about managing your assets, 
AI will redefine capitalism in the sense that
AI will create a new social hierarchy based on 
Will you let your AI know your bank card password?
AI knows more about your financial status than you, and 
Dante predicts the technologies today, 
Inferno is the prophet of technological apocalypse and 
On the day that AI becomes human, 
At the moment when the history of AI has ended,
Will human be alone in the future?
Will AI be the only living creatures in the earth?
All of  today’s divines and holy spirits reside in digital screens, 
Screens contain the dark fantasy of human beings,
Anatomy of An AI System will reveal 
The heart of AI is a black box which
Look, there is a whole map of artificial intelligence in front of you, 
I don’t like it because it reveals every detail of an AI system, and
It feels like an alert to me when I see how much energy and resources that AI consume every year, 
All “immaterial” algorithms and services will make geological changes to the earth, 
What will happen when an AI looks into a mirror?
AI knows nothing about its own image,
A mirror creates the subjectivity of an AI,
AI shall never have subjectivity because
An algorithm can be a great performer, 
An algorithm can be a perfect liar, 